---
title: "063 | shock, sway links, rear UCAs"
date: 2023-05-01T13:30:27-05:00
tags: ['jeep-build','jeep']
---
[WTJF link]()

Lots of progress over the last week. 

I [made my own quick disconnect pins](../031) last year to use with the Zone Offroad sway extension links. The pins worked great, but because the links did not have a joint, getting them off the pins to disconnect was a massive pain. In [my last trip out to Bridgeport](../060), I lost a bushing sleeve for one of the links while disconnected. In stead of replacing the sleeve, I replaced the entire disconnect system with the complete kit from Zone. These links have heim joints on the bar end to allow them to pivot making it easier to remove. I removed the DIY pins in favor of the set in the kit. 

The leaky shock has been replaced. Summit made it really easy plus there's distribution hub just down the road. Made a warranty claim on Friday and the new shock was at my door the next day. 

Finally got around to greasing the JJs on the rear upper CAs. This has to be the worst set to work on. The passenger side bolt is blocked by the muffler. I had to drop the skid/transmission for it to clear. I reassembled nut side in and the bolt cleared the muffler by about a quarter inch. No rattling so far, but I'm sure it will find a way. The drivers side was less frustrating, but I did have to fight a bolt vs a spring on the axle end. Before the next round of greasing, I will be buying the 2" JJ tool from Rock Jock. I have the 2.5" size and its just so much quicker to have the jig perfectly set up. 